---
layout: post
title: "A different love story"
date: 2019-10-18
---

_**O**nce upon a time, in a far-off future, the planet Earth ran out of every natural resources and human society needed go through a structure reorganization. The scientists found a new planet with some hotspots of water and a friendly environment for life. And so  humans could thrive there, the scientific society arrived at the conclusion than it’d be better to establish an organization network drawing a line based in the Minimal Theory, which it consists to have a maximum number of individuals in a group, based on the limit number of people we can form relationships with._ 

_This number was found taking into account what we can really know about someone else’s: their name, daily activity, their relationships, interests, among others things. This choice was grounded on ancestral data, which suggests that human ancestral group size had a mean about 150 individuals. There were some evidences than this number was good to keep to control people. 

The researchers said that if a population goes above this number, the group needs to establish laws, red tape, more strong politics to control the group. When a group was too little it was required that the population bore more children to try to let the group in an optimum size. However if a cluster size arrived to number 150, in order to have the maximum control, people were not allowed to get pregnant, unless an old person died. 

Over the past few years, many clusters had been completely isolated from others groups. Therefore, usually the people spent their all lives without seeing nobody new, because it was not allowed to have relationships with somebody out of their community. There was a group called Cornflower, named after  the large quantity of beautiful little blue flowers at the village where this group lived. Cornflower was around a mountain range and at the there was a beautiful lake nearby the abyss. The lake was very big and had crystal clear water. In Cornflower people were so happy and collaborative and everybody but one person, Persephone, followed the rules. 

Persephone was a pretty girl, she was seventeen years old and was about to come of age. She had a long and curly hair, big green eyes, her skin was very black, she looked like a piece of chocolate. She was very smart and curious, she had thirst for knowing more about the world, meeting different people and having new adventures, she considered people from Cornflower very simple. She couldn’t understand why she didn’t know more places and people at the world. It was not allowed to trespass the boundary of Cornflower. On her life, she only knew the 149 people that lived at the same community as her. The community was at the maximum capacity for years and nobody could have babies, unless someone from de village passed away.  

A certain night Persephone decided to go to the lake and just as she arrived there, she saw a different man walking around the lake. She had never seen that man in her whole life and she felt a strong curiosity about him. So, she follow him and decided to show up after some time, and started to talk to him, his name was Hades.

Hades was tall, had amber eyes, brown hair, he was eighteen years old, but he looked older than he really was. He was a lone wolf, he lost his parents when he was ten years old and since that he had not belonged to one community, he was a wanderer. And soon as Persephone had the chance to talk to him, she knew that guy could be her access to a new world. Hades told her more about the world, about things he had been seen, different places, different cultures, different people. 

After that night Persephone thought to herself how unfair it was for her family to limit her to be in that place forever. She felt amazing in remembering that special night and they arranged to see each other every night at the lake. This happened for a while, and they quickly fell in love with each other. Persephone had a secret admirer called Aphrodite, she was about twenty years old, had an incomparable beauty, was a seductive woman, very well-connected with everyone, so everybody at Cornflower loved her. Aphrodite had a non-mutual possessive crush on Persephone, and realized that Persephone was a little different, not down-to-earth and she decided to follow her every step. In a starry night she saw Persephone and Hades together and she was completely green with envy, in the heat of the moment she decided to rat on Persephone and her secret romance.   

In the following morning, everyone in Cornflower knew about Persephone’s relationship and Cornflower’s people voted for murdering Hades and exhibiting his body at the middle of the village. When Persephone woke up, saw her loved-one’s body and she felt her heart breaking in one thousand pieces. She didn’t find out who ratted on Hades, but she was keeping a important secret. Persephone was pregnant, and nobody knew about that. Aphrodite got more close with Persephone and in this moment Persephone had the enough trust to tell Aphrodite about the pregnancy. 

Aphrodite couldn’t bear the fruit of love between Persephone and Hades, and started to plot murdering of the baby. When the pregnancy started showing, the Cornflower community decided that either Persephone or the baby had to die, because the village was with 150 habitants and Persephone broke the rules and got involved with an outsider, because of these things the older people said than her deserved to die.  

Over the course of pregnancy, Aphrodite and Persephone got more close and every single night Persephone went at the lake and cried for her love, and Aphrodite followed her and cried too for being responsible for Persephone sadness. The guilty was consuming Aphrodite’s mind and after some months she couldn't look Persephone in the eyes. She needed to tell the truth. 

One sunny day, Persephone called Aphrodite to walk around the lake. Just as they arrived at the lake, Aphrodite battled her own thoughts as she started a conversation with Persephone and told her all the truth. Persephone got speechless and looked Aphrodite in the eyes, and said: “How dare you become my friend and pretend to be by my side, after plotting  Hades’ death?! You destroyed my life! I hate you, leave me alone!” 

At this moment, Persephone felt a strong pain, the baby was coming. Aphrodite couldn’t let her there and helped to make the childbirth. When the baby was born, Aphrodite asked forgiveness to Persephone telling: “Persephone, I love you, I always loved you. I wanted you as my partner. You are my person, you always was my person. Everything I did, it was to try to make you happy, I wanted to be by your side. But now a could realize I was a selfish person. I was cruel, jealous and a liar. I screwed things up, but I will make it up to you. I want your happiness and for that I will open a space so you can raise your baby. I love you so much, I hope you can forgive me one day. ”

After these words, Aphrodite killed herself jumping into an abyss, falling directly into the lake, opening a vacancy at Cornflower for Persephone to raise her baby. Persephone was very surprised to know about Aphrodite’s feelings, she never suspected it. The baby born very healthy, it was a girl and Persephone decided to name her Gaia, whose meaning the personification of the Earth, in the Greek mythology, Gaia was the ancestral mother of all life, and this was exactly what she wanted for Gaia: LIFE. Persephone decided also that Gaia would have a life different from her mother’s, and both of them would know the world and would have relationships with different people, places and cultures, so that Gaia could speak her mind and live her own dreams. 

**The End**._ 
